docs.md, before:

---
title: Documentation
---

- [Vivliostyle Viewer User’s Guide](https://vivliostyle.github.io/vivliostyle.js/docs/en/)

- [Vivliostyle Viewer README](https://github.com/vivliostyle/vivliostyle-ui/blob/master/dist/README.md)

- [Vivliostyle Viewer License](https://github.com/vivliostyle/vivliostyle-ui/blob/master/dist/LICENSE.md)

- [CSS Support Documentation](https://vivliostyle.github.io/vivliostyle.js/docs/en/supported-features.html)

- [Release Notes](https://github.com/vivliostyle/vivliostyle.js/releases) / [Change Log](https://github.com/vivliostyle/vivliostyle.js/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md)

- [Vivliostyle.js README](https://github.com/vivliostyle/vivliostyle.js/blob/master/README.md)

- [Vivliostyle.js Development](https://github.com/vivliostyle/vivliostyle.js/wiki/Development)

- [Vivliostyle.js API Reference](https://github.com/vivliostyle/vivliostyle.js/blob/master/doc/api.md)

- [Vivliostyle-print README](https://github.com/vivliostyle/vivliostyle-print/blob/master/README.md)

{% include nav-share.html %}

Commit message:

Add FAQ subsection in the Docs page

docs.md, after:

---
title: Documentation
---

- [Vivliostyle Viewer User’s Guide](https://vivliostyle.github.io/vivliostyle.js/docs/en/)

- [Vivliostyle Viewer README](https://github.com/vivliostyle/vivliostyle-ui/blob/master/dist/README.md)

- [Vivliostyle Viewer License](https://github.com/vivliostyle/vivliostyle-ui/blob/master/dist/LICENSE.md)

- [CSS Support Documentation](https://vivliostyle.github.io/vivliostyle.js/docs/en/supported-features.html)

- [Release Notes](https://github.com/vivliostyle/vivliostyle.js/releases) / [Change Log](https://github.com/vivliostyle/vivliostyle.js/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md)

- [Vivliostyle.js README](https://github.com/vivliostyle/vivliostyle.js/blob/master/README.md)

- [Vivliostyle.js Development](https://github.com/vivliostyle/vivliostyle.js/wiki/Development)

- [Vivliostyle.js API Reference](https://github.com/vivliostyle/vivliostyle.js/blob/master/doc/api.md)

- [Vivliostyle-print README](https://github.com/vivliostyle/vivliostyle-print/blob/master/README.md)

### Frequently Asked Questions

- [How to embed math (MathML, TeX, or AsciiMath)?](https://github.com/vivliostyle/vivliostyle.js/issues/523)

- [How to reset page counter in a book?](https://github.com/vivliostyle/vivliostyle.js/issues/522)

{% include nav-share.html %}
