download.md, before:

---
title: Download
---

- [**Vivliostyle Viewer**](https://vivliostyle.github.io/vivliostyle.js/viewer/vivliostyle-viewer.html) (vivliostyle.js + vivliostyle-ui)
    - [Download Latest Release Version (2019.1.106)](https://github.com/vivliostyle/vivliostyle.js/releases/download/2019.1.106/vivliostyle-js-2019.1.106.zip)  
        ([Release notes](https://github.com/vivliostyle/vivliostyle.js/releases))
    - [Download Latest Development Version)](https://vivliostyle.github.io/vivliostyle.js/downloads/vivliostyle-js-latest.zip)  
        ([Change Log](https://github.com/vivliostyle/vivliostyle.js/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md))
    - [User's Guide](https://vivliostyle.github.io/vivliostyle.js/docs/en/)
- [Vivliostyle.js on GitHub](https://github.com/vivliostyle/vivliostyle.js)
    - [vivliostyle on npm](https://www.npmjs.com/package/vivliostyle)
- [Vivliostyle-print on GitHub](https://github.com/vivliostyle/vivliostyle-print)
    - [vivliostyle-print on npm](https://www.npmjs.com/package/vivliostyle-print)

{% include nav-share.html %}

Commit message:

Add vivliostyle-savepdf in 'download' and 'docs' pages

download.md, after:

---
title: Download
---

- [**Vivliostyle Viewer**](https://vivliostyle.github.io/vivliostyle.js/viewer/vivliostyle-viewer.html) (vivliostyle.js + vivliostyle-ui)
    - [Download Latest Release Version (2019.1.106)](https://github.com/vivliostyle/vivliostyle.js/releases/download/2019.1.106/vivliostyle-js-2019.1.106.zip)  
        ([Release notes](https://github.com/vivliostyle/vivliostyle.js/releases))
    - [Download Latest Development Version)](https://vivliostyle.github.io/vivliostyle.js/downloads/vivliostyle-js-latest.zip)  
        ([Change Log](https://github.com/vivliostyle/vivliostyle.js/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md))
    - [User's Guide](https://vivliostyle.github.io/vivliostyle.js/docs/en/)
- [Vivliostyle.js on GitHub](https://github.com/vivliostyle/vivliostyle.js)
    - [vivliostyle on npm](https://www.npmjs.com/package/vivliostyle)
- [Vivliostyle-print on GitHub](https://github.com/vivliostyle/vivliostyle-print)
    - [vivliostyle-print on npm](https://www.npmjs.com/package/vivliostyle-print)
- [Vivliostyle-savepdf on GitHub](https://github.com/vivliostyle/vivliostyle-savepdf)
    - [vivliostyle-savepdf on npm](https://www.npmjs.com/package/vivliostyle-savepdf)

{% include nav-share.html %}
